## Apps
Alien Blue is one of the best reddit apps there ever was. Apollo was its spirital succesor, until it was killed off by the whole API pricing _debacle_. Both of these were apps that allowed you to browse reddit on your iPhone much better than the mobile reddit site. They were amazing and beautiful and easy to use because of their use of native iOS feel and gestures to the fullest, and just gorgeous design. It really improved on the reddit experience, and I was sad that reddit killed them both. (Alien blue by buying it and then discontinuing it, and making the absolute travesty that is the reddit mobile app. Apollo by suddenly announcing API pricing that was unreasonable to third party reddit app developers , causing the developer to throw in the towel)

RES, or reddit enhancement suite is also a thing that makes reddit really awesome, by extending the variety of things you can do on reddit desktop. For example, one feature I really like allows you to open both the link and the comments of a post on  reddit in one click, or another that allows you to open the images/videos linked to a post in-line without having to click it. It massively improves the browsing experience. And since I am limited to desktop now, if they ever take that away, I will totally stop using reddit. To me, RES _is_ reddit. 

basically reddit allows(or used to allow, some of this is me reminiscing about what reddit used to be, it's changing, like all things) you to extend your browsing experience on reddit, with apps like Apollo or RES, which i found really awesome